Update helptext (#2517)
ElementsProject/lightning: doc/lightning-disconnect.7.txt

SYNOPSIS
--------
*disconnect* 'id' ['force']

DESCRIPTION
-----------
The disconnect RPC command closes an existing connection to a
peer, identified by 'id', in the Lightning Network, as long as it

> doesn't have an active channel. If 'force' is set then itwill disconnect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
doesn't have an active channel. If 'force' is set then it will disconnect
```
